OSDOCS-24033 [ROSA] New Feature: AWS STS External ID (#116905)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/troubleshooting-sts-external-ids.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * rosa_architecture/rosa-account-roles-aws-sts-external-id.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="troubleshooting-sts-external-ids_{context}"]
= Troubleshoot {product-title} account roles with an AWS STS external ID

[role="_abstract"]

> If the `Installer` and `Support` roles contain mismatched external IDs that have no common value, the cluster creation process fails and the CLI gives you error messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `Installer` and `Support` roles contain mismatched external IDs, you can delete and re-create the account roles with a consistent external ID to resolve cluster creation failures.
```

.Procedure

. Delete the existing account roles by running the following command. Replace `ManagedOpenShift` with your custom prefix if you used a custom prefix:
+

> [NOTE]

Reviewer: This should probably be a Warning or Important.
